---
title: Packages
home_style: style3
home_img: /images/startup-593341_1280 copy.jpg
date: 2020-02-07T16:00:54.021Z
menus:
  main:
    title: Packages
layout: page
---
# Affordable Web Design Packages

GSJDesigns are **affordable web design** specialists. We set our focus on what we do best – creating affordable,**low cost**, effective websites, websites that are user driven and websites that form a solid base for your online marketing and branding.

With our simple and **inexpensive** pricing structure, you won’t be caught out with any hidden extra costs because we work on a totally transparent basis. Browse our range of low cost **web design packages** below.

Business Standard Web Design Package – For just £199.00

This Package is a perfect ‘starter business’ website. If you’re looking to get online but you don’t have a massive budget, then look no further.\
GSJDesign will set up, create and design a professional static website that will grow with your business at a rate that suits you for just **£199.00**+ vat, so no need to break the bank before your business is off the ground.

*click here*

## Business Standard*Plus*Web Design Package – For just £399.00

Fantastic middle of the road **Web Design Package**. Great if you have a little more information and you need us to get it up there for you fast.\
The GSJDesign team will Plan, Create and Design a professional static website that shows your company in the ‘Established Business’ light you need it to while the included company blog makes easy work of providing your clients with valuable product information and company updates.

*Click Here*

## Pro Web Design Package – For just £499.00

Everything in **Web Design Package**. Our Pro Web Design Package includes all that the other two **Web Design Packages**do but has added extras that polish the final result. A **Pro Web Design Package** for £499.00 + vat

*Click Here*
